<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Brock-Extras-Abbreviated</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/
  div.sgc-8 {text-align: right;}
  span.sgc-7 {font-family: 'Berlin Sans FB'; line-height: 19px;}
  span.sgc-6 {line-height: 19px;}
  span.sgc-5 {font-size: 1em; line-height: 1.2; font-family: 'Berlin Sans FB';}
  span.sgc-4 {font-family: 'Berlin Sans FB'; font-size: 1em; line-height: 1.2;}
  span.sgc-3 {font-size: 1em; line-height: 1.2;}
  h2.sgc-2 {text-align: center;}
  span.sgc-1 {font-size: 39px; line-height: 46px; font-family: Gabriola;}
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body id="Brock-Extras-Abbreviated" xml:lang="en-GB" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
  <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
    <h2 class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-1 sgc-2" id="heading_id_2"><span class="sgc-1">5 Ways To Turn Off Your Hunger Switch<br/></span></h2>
  </div>

  <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"><span class="CharOverride-3">Research reveals that it’s your brain and not your stomach that is Command Central for weight management. It’s the single most exciting breakthrough in weight management in the last-plus 10 years and yet, no one is talking about it,” says Doug Kalman, PhD. F.A.C.N., director of the phase I Clinical Research unit of Miami Research Associates, a research site that’s been part of some of the biggest health breakthrough in the last 25 years.<br/>
    <br/></span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"><span class="CharOverride-3">The breakthrough came when researchers finally discovered that the brain uses a type of messaging system very similar to “texting” to determine what to eat, and when you are hungry and when you are not.<br/>
    <br/></span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"><span class="CharOverride-3">“This understanding now allows people to take a simple approach to weight management that does not ask them to change their life style,” says Kalman. “ It is something that everyone can do.” When used in tandem with smart eating and exercise, bolstering your personal will power with a brain that is also on board can boost weight loss goals big time. Here are a few simple strategies to help you get started.</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"></p>

    <ol>
      <li><span class="sgc-3">FILL UP WITH FIBER AND WATER.&nbsp;</span><span class="sgc-4">Fiber and water trigger feelings of fullness and reduce hunger by sending a “YOU ARE FULL!” text to the brain.<br/>
      <br/></span> Flip your switch: <span class="sgc-5">Have a cup of clear soup broth with veggies 15 minutes before a meal, or drink a fiber supplement stirred into a glass of water for similar effect.<br/>
      <br/></span></li>

      <li><span class="sgc-3">GET A GOOD NIGHT’S SLEEP.&nbsp;</span><span class="sgc-4">People who get inadequate sleep, that is, six hours or less per night, have increased amounts of hormone ghrelin when they wake up the next morning, says Christopher Nolte, M. D., a neurologist who hold certifications from both the American Board of Sleep Medicine and The American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology. Think of the ghrelin as the text that the stomach sends to the brain, saying it needs food. “When the brain gets the message, it texts back, “OK, let’s eat,’ and you typically go looking for carbs,” says Nolte. “The reality is that you don’t need to eat carbs right then, despite what your brain is telling you.”<br/>
      <br/></span> Flip your switch: <span class="sgc-5">“Allow yourself seven hours or more sleep” says Nolte. And when you get some carb cravings, have water or a cup of brewed tea, and fiber instead.<br/>
      <br/></span></li>

      <li><span class="sgc-3">PUNCH UP YOUR POLYPHENOLS.&nbsp;</span><span class="sgc-4">Green and red teas, along with other polyphenol-rich foods and supplements (most notably those with high levels of two types of polyphenols-anthocyanins and stilbenes) have been shown to be very good at turning off the hunger switch. Stilbenes are found in grapes, blueberries and cranberries. The best-known stilbene is the anti-aging comb resveratrol, mostly found in red grapes and red wine. Authocyanins are present in popular superfruits such as acai berries, blueberries and red grapes and are also found in red wine. In a study published in Molecular Nutrition and Food Research from the US Department of Agriculture found that purified berry anthocyanins normalized the fat levels in mice that were fed a high-fat diet. Scientists attribute this effect to the ability of anthocyanins to assist cell burning energy, inducing satiety and, ultimately, turning off the hunger switch.</span><span class="sgc-6"><br/>
      <br/></span> Flip your switch: <span class="sgc-5">Increase you intake of green and red teas and berries. Or, take 200 mg of resveratrol in supplement form daily.<br/>
      <br/></span></li>

      <li><span class="sgc-3">DON’T BUY THESE BAD BOYS.&nbsp;</span><span class="sgc-4">Some ingredients turn on your hunger switch, so it pays to read labels. Some of the worst offenders: high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) and palmitic acid (the main fat in palm oil, palm kernel oil and saturated fat in beef). These troublemakers stop the hormones leptin and insulin, two of the brain most important “hunger messengers,” from reaching Command Central. When leptin and insulin, are blocked from the brain, the brain cells tell you to keep on eating, which can mean making the difference between having a few chips and eating half the bag. In fact, in a study published in The Journal of Clinical Investigation, researchers from UT Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas found that palmitic acid’s ability to block leptin and insulin was so great that it that it may be the root cause of both obesity and Type 2 diabetes.</span><span class="sgc-6"><br/>
      <br/></span> Flip your switch: <span class="sgc-5">Choose whole, fresh unadulterated foods. Shop the perimeter of your supermarket, where the least processed foods are found. Reduce your intake of beef and/or opt for “grass-fed” beef, which contains less of the problematic saturated fat.<br/>
      <br/></span></li>

      <li><span class="sgc-3">POWER YOUR PROTEIN.&nbsp;</span><span class="sgc-4">While increasing your consumption of protein can satiate your appetite, two of protein’s building blocks, namely the amino acids tyrosine and 5-hydroxytrytophan (5-HTP), have been identified as the most crucial to relay messages to the brain. Simply stated, tyrosine and 5-HTP work as neuromessengers, speeding up messages to the brain that turn off the desire for food. That means with tyrosine and 5-HTP, whether in food or supplements, craving end faster and fewer calories are consumed.</span><span class="sgc-6"><br/>
      <br/></span> Flip your switch: <span class="sgc-5">Take 150–250 mg of tyrosine and 100–200 mg of 5-HTP daily. In addition, protein will turn off your hunger switch to a greater extend than carbohydrates or fat, so replacing some carbs with protein may help to reduce your overall caloric intake. Eat a minimum of 20 g of protein at each main meal.</span></li>
    </ol>

    <div class="sgc-8">
      <span class="sgc-7">–&nbsp;<a href="http://www.gnclivewell.com.au/blog-details.asp?id=284">http://www.gnclivewell.com.au/blog-details.asp?id=284</a></span>
    </div>

    <div class="Basic-Text-Frame"></div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>