<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Beef-7.7.13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/
  span.sgc-6 {font-family: 'Berlin Sans FB'; font-size: 1em; line-height: 1.2; text-align: justify;}
  span.sgc-5 {font-weight: bold}
  p.sgc-4 {text-align: left; text-decoration:underline;}
  p.sgc-3 {text-align: left;}
  h2.sgc-2 {text-align: center;}
  span.sgc-1 {font-size: 39px; line-height: 46px; font-family: Gabriola; text-align: center;}
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body id="Beef-7.7.13" xml:lang="en-GB" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
  <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
    <h2 class="Basic-Paragraph sgc-2" id="heading_id_2"><span class="sgc-1">More Suggestions for Healthy Living</span><br/></h2>
  </div>

  <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-4"><span class="CharOverride-3">Tricks to Improve Brain Power</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3">Practice mentally what you need to do: rehearsing the activity uses most of the same brain connections, which are switched on during the real thing.</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3"><br/></span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3">Scientist experts believe that the brain is most active right after you wake up or before you go to sleep, so use these times to think about solutions and be creative.</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3"><br/></span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3">So that you don't lose things as easily, focus your attention to try to remember where you put you put them. Pay attention to the time of the day, the weather, the day’s headline news or what you are wearing at the moment. You can also create a funny picture with the object, so that will come to mind when you are trying to recall where you put it.</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3"><br/></span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3">Researchers are now saying that you need to continue to be actually active as you age, try learning a new skill, a new language, how to play a musical instrument or learn to be involved in a new type of activity such as putting together puzzles. The Center of Disease Control and Prevention recommends that all adults get a&nbsp;</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3">minimum &nbsp;of &nbsp;150 &nbsp;minutes &nbsp;per &nbsp;week &nbsp;of &nbsp;moderate &nbsp;aerobic &nbsp;activity &nbsp;such &nbsp;as &nbsp;a &nbsp;brisk &nbsp;walk &nbsp;per &nbsp;week. Sedentary living, not high cholesterol is the single biggest factor in heart attack deaths and perhaps also mental decline as we age.</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3"><br/></span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-4"><span class="CharOverride-3">Foods for Healthy Living</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3">Eat foods that are rich in brain boosting beta-carotene. Omega 3s boosts your heart health, and can be found in salmon, walnuts, soy and flaxseed. Good hear health boosts brain power. Fiber: about 21–38 grams a day helps the digestive tract and control cholesterol&nbsp;</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3">levels. Legumes which are low in fat food like the peas and beans family are excellent sources of proteins, fiber and flavor. Excellent served as a side dish.</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3"><br/></span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-4"><span class="CharOverride-3 sgc-5">Quotes</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="sgc-6">“Approach love and cooking with reckless abandon!” Dalai Lama</span><br/></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-3"><span class="sgc-6">“Enthusiasm is contagious. Be a carrier.”</span><br/></p>
  </div>

  <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-1 sgc-3"><br/></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>