<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Front_Matter</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/
  p.sgc-3 {text-align: right;}
  h2.sgc-2 {text-align: center;}
  span.sgc-1 {font-size: 39px; line-height: 46px; font-family: Gabriola;}
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body id="Front_Matter" xml:lang="en-GB" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
  <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
    <p class="TOC-Body-Text"></p>

    <h2 class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-1 sgc-2" id="heading_id_2"><span class="sgc-1">Preface</span></h2>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">Brock and Company, Inc. continues to celebrate its success since 1927 in constant food service industry innovation. It is exciting adjusting to taste, habits and style change opportunities.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">Lynmar Brock Sr. in 1927 determined to offer factory workers a boxed lunch&nbsp;containing a ham sandwich, salad, slice of spiced lunch meat, slice of American cheese, sweet pickles, dessert, a cup of cream cabbage, spiced cake with lemon icing and an apple, all for 25 cents. The depression of the 1930’s was a demanding time for the country, but Brock’s Box Lunches continued to expand offering even more at a greater value.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">The War years were a time of expansion of manufacturing. The company moved into a new and larger plant on December 6, 1941 and was well prepared to service the increased demands of a country at war. The company soon further expanded into corporate food service operation where on site chefs made it possible to increase the freshness and variety of food offered.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">In the following years, Brock operated restaurants that combined freshness and&nbsp;variety with ever-changing menu selections. More recently, adding food service for private and independent school students has provided the increased ability and&nbsp;incentive to serve fresh, local and healthful foods to not only students, but with the lessons learned there, to an increasing broad range of corporations and enterprises.</p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">Today the food offerings at each corporate and school location are prepared on site. This allows Brock to support and serve a variety of foods to satisfy individual desires, needs and demands. The company now operates throughout the eastern United States along with a Rocky Mountain division.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">Brock and Company carries on with the same foresight and imagination of Lynmar Brock, Sr. and with his conclusion that change is wonderful and exciting.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">This cookbook is one reflection of the quality of food, the professionalism and the experience of its preparers that make up Brock and Company. We hope you will find the recipes delicious and nutritious and wish to learn more about how we can provide quality and value to your corporate or school food service systems.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">Change is wonderful. Change is exciting. Remember the past. Embrace the future.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text sgc-3">—Lynmar Brock, Jr., President of Brock and Company, Inc. 1962–2007</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>