<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Front_Matter</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/
  p.sgc-3 {text-align: right;}
  h2.sgc-2 {text-align: center;}
  span.sgc-1 {font-size: 39px; line-height: 46px; font-family: Gabriola;}
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body id="Front_Matter" xml:lang="en-GB" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
  <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
    <p class="TOC-Body-Text"></p>

    <h2 class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-1 sgc-2" id="heading_id_2"><span class="sgc-1">Introduction</span></h2>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">“The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will interest his patients in the care of the human body, in diet and in the cause and prevention of disease”. This is a quote from the famous brilliant inventor Thomas Edison, who had more than a thousand patents to his name.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">In this cookbook we not only have a collection of delicious recipes provided by our associates, but we also include information and recommendations for healthy a life style, with plenty of exercise, fresh air and healthy eating.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">We start with the premise that everyone knows that smoking has been proven very detrimental to good health. So, that if you are smoking, it would be wise to look into some smoke secession programs, available. Many of these programs are available through your health insurance provider.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">Many studies have been done showing the great benefit of doing regular cardio type exercises for at least 150 minutes a week in, including a good amount of stretching before starting. Studies have also shown that exercising in the morning burns more fat cells than doing it in the afternoon, because during sleep time fat cells accumulate, so doing so in the morning seems to be more beneficial, if you are trying to lose weight. Exercise also helps to improve the brain cognitive function, because it produces more synapses in the brain.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">Being overweight is a problem in our time because many people are unaware of the amount of sugar they consume on average. Sugar then turns into fat cells. Our&nbsp;ancestors would consumed an average of 5 pounds of sugar a year, today it is said that on average we consume 10 times that much.<br/>
    <br/>
    The information in this cookbook provides nutrition facts, for one serving only, indicating the number of calories, total fats, saturated fats, cholesterol, sodium, carbohydrates, proteins vitamin A and calcium content.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text">The information in this cookbook is for educational purpose only and not to be construed as medical advice. Consult a medical practitioner before making any major life style changes.<br/>
    <br/></p>

    <p class="TOC-Body-Text sgc-3">— Claudie Brock, June 23, 2014</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>