<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Breakfast-&amp;-Breads-7.7.13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/
  p.sgc-11 {text-align: right;}
  p.sgc-10 {text-align: left;text-decoration:underline;}
  div.sgc-9 {font-family: Arial; font-size: medium; line-height: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2;}
  span.sgc-8 {font-family: 'Berlin Sans FB'; font-size: 1em; line-height: 1.2; text-align: justify; text-decoration:underline;}
  p.sgc-7 {text-align: left;}
  p.sgc-6 {text-align: left; text-decoration:underline;}
  div.sgc-5 {text-align: left;}
  span.sgc-4 {font-size: 1em; line-height: 1.2; font-family: 'Berlin Sans FB';}
  span.sgc-3 {font-family: 'Berlin Sans FB'; font-size: 1em; line-height: 1.2;}
  h2.sgc-2 {text-align: center;}
  span.sgc-1 {font-size: 39px; line-height: 46px; font-family: Gabriola;}
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body id="Breakfast---Breads-7.7.13" xml:lang="en-GB" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
  <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
    <h2 class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-1 sgc-2" id="heading_id_2"><span class="sgc-1">Healthy Snacks<br/></span></h2>

    <div class="sgc-5">
      <span class="sgc-3">They say that when you work out, your muscles are torn down and built back up.</span>&nbsp;<span class="sgc-4">The body's natural healing process restores your muscles to a stronger state than they were before. Healthy protein snacks can help this recovery process.<br/>
      <br/></span>
    </div>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-6"><span class="CharOverride-3">10 High-Protein Power Snacks</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-7"><span class="CharOverride-3">Numerous studies, including one published in the Journal of the American Medical Association have shown that skipping high-protein foods may lead to overeating and is often one of the biggest causes of excess weight gain. And, as any devoted exerciser knows, protein is essential for the growth and repair of muscle and organs, especially after a hard workout. Fill up on powerful protein with these tasty options.<br/>
    <br/></span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-6"><span class="CharOverride-3">High-Protein Snack: Eggs</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"></p>

    <div class="sgc-5">
      <span class="sgc-3">One large egg contains 6 grams of protein and only 70 calories. If you're concerned about cholesterol, many egg substitutes on the market offer lower-cholesterol</span> <span class="sgc-4">alternatives that still pack a protein punch. One of the best ways to eat eggs is hard-boiled. Keep a bowl of them in your fridge for an instant, healthy snack or an addition to a larger meal.<br/>
      <br/></span>
    </div>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-6"><span class="CharOverride-3">High-Protein Snack: Nuts</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-7"><span class="CharOverride-3">Whether you go for almonds, cashews, walnuts, pistachios, or any of the other varieties, whole, raw nuts are a healthy high-protein snack. If you're concerned about calories, limit your nut intake to a handful or two, and remember that although nuts are high in fat, it's healthy monounsaturated fat, which doesn't clog arteries and is an essential part of a healthy diet. Plus, nuts are high in fiber, and keep you feeling full longer.<br/>
    <br/></span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-6"><span class="CharOverride-3">High-Protein Snack: Greek Yogurt</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-7"><span class="CharOverride-3">The yogurt's power comes from its protein. Greek yogurt contains 15–20 grams of protein in a 6 oz serving versus 9 grams in regular yogurt.<br/>
    <br/></span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-6"><span class="CharOverride-3">High-Protein Snack: Turkey</span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-7"><span class="CharOverride-3">When you're going for lean protein, nothing beats low-calorie turkey. Three oz of turkey provides 25 grams of protein for only 140 calories.<br/>
    <br/></span></p>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-2 sgc-7"></p>

    <div class="Basic-Text-Frame sgc-9">
      <p class="Basic-Paragraph"><span class="sgc-8">High-Protein Snack: Protein Shakes</span><br/></p>
    </div>

    <div class="Basic-Text-Frame sgc-9">
      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-7"><span class="CharOverride-3">Simply combine whey protein with nonfat milk, frozen fruit, all-natural nut butter, or whatever other healthful ingredients sound good to you, and you have a healthy meal replacement or snack.<br/>
      <br/></span></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-6"><span class="CharOverride-3">High-Protein Snack: Cottage Cheese</span></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-7"><span class="CharOverride-3">Cottage cheese is an excellent protein source with a half-cup of low-fat cottage cheese providing 14 grams of protein for only 81 calories. Paired with fruit or plain, it makes a terrific snack when you want to stay full between meals.<br/>
      <br/></span></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-6"><span class="CharOverride-3">High-Protein Snack: Lentils</span></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-7"><span class="CharOverride-3">Lentils pack a powerful punch of protein, fiber, and minerals while containing comparatively few calories and almost no fat. A cup of cooked lentils offers 22 grams of protein, about 300 calories, and less than 1 gram of fat.<br/>
      <br/></span></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-6"><span class="CharOverride-3">High-Protein Snack: Tofu</span></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-7"><span class="CharOverride-3">Tofu or soy bean curd is another excellent high-protein meal base and source of healthy fats and nutrients. Because it absorbs flavors so well and can be cut into cubes, strips, or chunks, it can be prepared in a variety of ways.<br/>
      <br/></span></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-10"><span class="CharOverride-3">High-Protein Snack : Nut Butter</span></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-7"><span class="CharOverride-3">Almond, cashew, peanut and other nut butters are high-protein foods with about two tbsp providing 7 grams of protein. And, although nut butter contains fat, it can be part of a healthy diet when eaten in small amounts. Just remember not to slather it on crackers; spread it on carrot or celery sticks for healthy snacking instead.<br/>
      <br/></span></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-6"><span class="CharOverride-3">High-Protein Snack : Pumpkin Seeds</span></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3 sgc-7"><span class="CharOverride-3">Pumpkins are full of fiber, vitamins, and body-boosting carotenoids, but it turns out tiny pumpkin seeds might pack even more of a nutritional punch. With 8 grams of protein in just one oz, pumpkin seeds or pepitas are also very rich in minerals, including potassium, manganese, and iron. Just take heed: Pumpkin seeds are calorie-dense, so do your healthy snacking in moderation.</span></p>

      <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-2 sgc-11"><span class="CharOverride-3"><br/>
      – Source: everyday health.com</span></p>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-1 sgc-7"><br/></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>