<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Brock-Extras-Abbreviated</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <style type="text/css">
/*<![CDATA[*/
  p.sgc-3 {text-align: right;}
  h2.sgc-2 {text-align: center;}
  span.sgc-1 {font-size: 39px; line-height: 46px; font-family: Gabriola;}
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body id="Brock-Extras-Abbreviated" xml:lang="en-GB" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
  <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
    <div>
      <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
        <h2 class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-1 sgc-2" id="heading_id_2"><span class="sgc-1">Chocolate</span></h2>
      </div>

      <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
        <p class="Basic-Paragraph"><span class="CharOverride-3">Chocolate and its main ingredient, cocoa, appear to reduce risk factors for heart&nbsp;disease. Flavanols in cocoa beans have antioxidant effects that reduce cell damage implicated in heart disease. Flavanols also help lower blood pressure and improve vascular function. Dark chocolate contains more flavanols than does milk chocolate. One caveat: The evidence for the healthy benefits of flavanol-rich chocolate comes mostly from short-term and uncontrolled studies. More research will be needed to&nbsp;confirm chocolate's role in heart health.<br/>
        <br/></span></p>

        <p class="Basic-Paragraph"><span class="CharOverride-3">In the meantime, if you want to add chocolate to your diet, do so in moderation. Why? Most commercial chocolate has ingredients that add fat, sugar and calories. And too much can contribute to weight gain, a risk factor for high blood pressure, heart disease and diabetes.<br/>
        <br/></span></p>

        <p class="Basic-Paragraph"><span class="CharOverride-3">Choose dark chocolate with cocoa content of 65 percent or higher. Limit yourself to no more than 3 oz (85 grams) a day, which is the amount shown in studies to be&nbsp;helpful. Because this amount may provide up to 450 calories, you may want to cut calories in other areas or step up the exercise to compensate.<br/>
        <br/></span></p>

        <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-2 sgc-3"><span class="CharOverride-3">– content from the Mayo Clinic</span></p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <p class="Basic-Paragraph ParaOverride-3"><span class="CharOverride-3"><br/></span></p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>